Congratulations to @geoffreyhinton for winning the Nobel Prize in physics!!
We will pursue safe superintelligence in a straight shot, with one focus, one goal, and one product. We will do it through revolutionary breakthroughs produced by a small cracked team.
After almost a decade, I have made the decision to leave OpenAI.  The company’s trajectory has been nothing short of miraculous, and I’m confident that OpenAI will build AGI that is both safe and beneficial under the leadership of @sama, @gdb, @miramurati and now, under the excellent research leadership of @merettm. It was an honor and a privilege to have worked together, and I will miss everyone dearly.   So long, and thanks for everything.  I am excited for what comes next — a project that is very personally meaningful to me about which I will share details in due time.
There exists no sentence in any language that conveys how happy I am.
I deeply regret my participation in the board's actions. I never intended to harm OpenAI. I love everything we've built together and I will do everything I can to reunite the company.
if you value intelligence above all other human qualities, you’re gonna have a bad time
Just stumbled upon a pretty good abbreviation to “just ask chatgpt”:  chask it!
Ego is the enemy of growth
In the future, once the robustness of our models will exceed some threshold, we will have *wildly effective* and dirt cheap AI therapy.  Will lead to a radical improvement in people’s experience of life.  One of the applications I’m most eagerly awaiting.
Empathy in life and business is underrated
I feel fortunate that a place like the Bay Area exists
Congratulations to my cofounder @gdb for being featured in the Time 100 AI list! It’s been a massive privilege to have worked together with you all these years!
The perfect has destroyed much perfectly good good
Little known fact: Many of OpenAI’s key results, including the Dota 2 bot and the pre-training of GPT-4, are thanks to the brilliant Jakub Pachocki @merettm
I feel blessed and grateful to be working with my colleagues
Can’t let your mode collapse
It’s a mistake to let an uncertain future ruin the present
Wrong motivation -> wrong results
Criticizing a decision is, to a first order approximation, 100x easier than making one
The biggest trick our brains play is to create the illusion of understanding what’s going on, both around us and in the world
Beware of ideas that, as a consequence of believing in them, make you feel superior to other people